2. It is important to pick a license for opensource software development because a licesne will signal to the opensource community 
that the project is open to fork, edit, or suggest improvements and fixes to.  Bascially if no licesne is chosen then by law the 
content creator is given an all rights reserved copyright to their work.  This is the most restrictive form of copyright that can 
be given to someones work.  That means that it is illegal to distribute or fork the work and in some cases be illegal to even be 
looking at the source code itself.

3. Projects that don't have an explicit license should be avoided because of the danger of legal litigation.  It is possible that whole servers or software projects could be brought to a halt because a portion of the projects code were borrowed from another project whose creators are now demanding compensation because their work was used in this new project.  They could possibly have the right to do so since their license used imprecise language that put restrictions on what was originally viewed as open source.

4. I agree that gopher had failed because it struggled to attract outside developers from around the web.  The concept of mind share that encompasses resoureces and eyeballs from a dedecated and involved community were missing for the gopher project.  Gopher failed to encourage opensource deveopment, failed to support IETF taskforce standards, and was prone to forking of the project.  The apparant dissmissiveness of the opensource community at the time probably drove any interested deveolpers to the HTML project which was more accomadating.

5. Microsoft .NET is software framework for Windows that alllows language interpolarity.  It lets languages use code from other languages.  It has a large class library known as FCL and programmers will build programs by combining their source code with .NET and other librarys.  Because of concerns over opensource implementation in regard to Microsoft software patents Microsoft opted to adopt and opensource software project model.  An MIT license was denoted to the project which basically lets any developer of .NET do what they want, like distribute, change, or sell software based on .NET as long as they include the MIT license and provide attribution back to microsoft.  The developer is then free from potential Microsoft litigation.

6. The example project will be a game that is based on the upcoming Vulcan graphics api.  The point of project is to test and implement core features of the the api to basically see what it is capable of.  As a group we have chosen an MIT license for any sort of example project.  It is chosen because we appreciate the permissiveness and simplicity of the license for a project that will be mainly for fun and learning.

7. For a company a BSD license is probably favorable because that allows company to freely distribute or borrow from other BSD license software without having to worry about potentially crippling legal litigation.  It guarantees quick opensource development improvement to project that has the right to be commercially distributed as well. GPL is probably best for developers since it requires source to be disclosed along with licensing. Changes to the source must also be stated so that ensures that the original developers are given credit for their work and that changes are given credit to the changers.  
